I'm sure that things made some impressions and
influenced me but I don't remember any single
events that stand out as really shaping
myself or my future. It was more of a lot of
activities and events culminating in a
pattern of activity and a pattern of efficiency,
of commitment, of passion.
I found out a lot of it trial and error just like you
learn how to study that
to be successful and to achieve things it takes
because I didn't make I always knew that I wasn't
intelligent but I always committed myself to
getting things done well by sweat staying after it
recognizing that if it's important then be
persistent and get it done and I always had a the
thrill of knowing that the education I got here had
equipped me to serve in the entomology profession
as an extension entomologist who worked with
farmers and ranchers all over this state and
homeowners on bug problems was important and that
being able to solve those problems was what I
wanted to be good at and never always was excited
that I had the opportunity to do that and A&M gave me
the knowledge and the ability to think through
some of those problems having grown up in a small ag
community I understood the importance of people
and being able to help them with a lot of times what
you would view as small issues but are extremely
important to be able to get a solution to those
that's practical and that they're capable of
utilizing. If you could have all the people that
were part of your A&M experience here today which
ones would you most want to thank and why? Those
that Dean Penberthy that advised you that cared
that were there when you had at that moment some
significant trials and tribulations in your
life. Many of the entomology faculty that I
learned about this industry and this profession
from I remember several of our Wesley Foundation
directors that were important from the
standpoint of developing the religious beliefs
and the
guideposts to living in right and wrong as being
important.
was always a little bit of a rebel inside and at
times it troubled me but it never changed much and
so having people that support that chastise you
when you get a little bit too far out of bounds but
that supports you on some of those activities and
efforts that you put a lot into and hope will be
valuable to society or a group within society,
whether it be cotton producers or beekeepers or
livestock producers with screw-arm
eradication, but just the opportunity to have met
so many people that made a difference in others'
lives. Those are the things that impress you and
that stay with you. We're getting close to ending.
What have I left out that you might have thought of
before we started that you'd want to be sure to get
in here? Have I left anything out?
I'm sure that we have, but I can't think of anything
right off the top. If we do, we can get them in the
next edition.
What did it mean to you, what has it meant to your
life that you attended Texas A&M?
Well, I'm certain that it, meant the opportunity
to be an entomologist and to do those things that
I've done that would not have been afforded if I had
gone anywhere else or done something else.
It's been such an integral part of my life since 55
that I think it would be impossible for me to say
what it would be like if I had gone to Texas Tech or to
West Texas.
The thing that I noticed when I was working up there
at Tech in the summers and there were a lot of
students around and the contacts I've had,
there's a certain amount of discipline that you
pick up at A&M that I'm afraid And I'm sure it
doesn't even exist today in the civilian
population here. But I'm reluctant to be critical
of that segment of the population because the
Corps only represents, what, less than 2,000 of
the 43,000-something that we have here on campus.
But those were difficult days. But they had a
purpose. What are the qualities of being an Aggie,
the key ingredients? I think it's a matter of
self-confidence and of leadership qualities and
of dedication and a commitment to a group of people
that you learn to respect because they went
through the same kinds of problems that you did.
OK, next to the last question. Let's make believe
that somebody walks up to you tomorrow morning,
hands you a check for a million dollars with one
condition. You must pass it on to Texas A&M, but you
decide what it is to be used for. In other words, if
you could make a big gift to A&M, what would you want
A&M to do? What would you want it? I'd want it for
scholarships.
For whom? I would probably, for undergraduates,
and I'd probably be a little bit picky about the Ag,
College of Agriculture and designating. How
would you select the recipients?
Number one, I probably wouldn't select them. I
would ask the departments to do that. But would it
be on the basis of their height or their good looks?
I would want it to relate to
the likelihood that they would be successful. So
it would be based on academic qualifications.
Probably interest in certain fields. Such as?
Well, agriculture and entomology. And I think
those are to be expected of someone who went
through in that program. Last question. What
feelings do you carry in your heart for Texas A&M?
It's an everlasting love that is reserved for your
family, your God, and your school. And they're
very comparable.